[Narrator]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai...
A new light of hope
appeared on the battlefield!
Piccolo has returned--
newly energized,
and ready to test his
might against the evil Frieza.
Piccolo!
Now then...
Time to give this monster a
taste of his own medicine.
I'll fight alone...
The rest of you,
stay out of my way.
♪ Opening Song ♪
He's fighting alone?
Really?!
He just showed up,
he has no idea what he's
getting himself into!
He'll find out soon enough.
No, Piccolo would
never fight unprepared.
He always senses out his
opponent's strength.
Great, but I don't see
how that helps. I mean...
Don't you get it...? I'm
saying he wouldn't do this
unless he already
knew he could win.
What, you
really think so?
Ha, now you're dreaming!
His arrival here hasn't
changed our situation one bit.
You're wrong.
It's changed everything...
[machine beeping]
[Goku thinking]
Wow, that is Piccolo...
So they used the Dragon
Balls to wish him back...
But that still doesn't explain
how he got so strong...
[laughing]
Well well, aren't you
the confident one?
Another proud Namekian--
soon to be begging for
mercy, just like all the rest.
Shut the hell up.
[growling]
[yelling]
Take this!
Oh wow!
He's actually giving
Frieza a run for his money!
Yes... perhaps there's
a chance after all...
See, I told you
he could do it!
He's amazing, right?!
[Vegeta thinking] But how
has he improved so drastically?
It wasn't that long ago
we fought on Earth,
and there I had him
totally outclassed!
Hey! Looks like we might
actually get outta this
in one piece, Gohan!
Sure does!
[Dende thinking] Frieza's
hurt so many of our people...
and now we can finally
get the justice we deserve!
[machine beeping,
water bubbling]
[Goku thinking]
Incredible...
Piccolo must've trained
really hard with King Kai...
Now if he can
just keep this up
a little longer until
I get there...
[laughing]
There's no
sense in hiding...
I know you're still in there.
Stand up and show yourself.
He's okay...
You're a slippery
one, aren't you...
Even at point blank range,
you still managed to
wriggle out of harm's way.
I can see I'll just
have to try harder.
Ah, man...
I can't believe how
strong Piccolo's gotten.
You had it pegged from
the start Gohan--
I think he can really win this!
That's right.
I know he can.
Well, he is your
teacher, after all.
Yeah!
What's happening
down there?
Piccolo!
[Frieza]
Don't panic, boy.
He'll resurface momentarily...
I certainly wouldn't want
you to miss his demise.
Ah! No! Piccolo!
And thus, the last Namekian
warrior is no more.
What?!
He's okay!
Don't think you'll
get off that easy.
Who do you think you are?!
[Frieza growling]
[chuckling]
[machine beeping,
water bubbling]
[Goku thinking]
Piccolo's energy...
It's skyrocketing again...!
[charging up]
No... way...
Now Frieza,
let me give you a little
glimpse of my true power!
[charging up]
Look out Piccolo!
Get outta there!
[yelling]
[Frieza screaming]
[gasping]
[Frieza growling]
Why, you...!
No...?!
He can't be this fast!
My new speed should
easily outpace his!
What should we do?
I don't believe what
I'm seeing here!
You mean Frieza
wasn't fighting
at full strength
until just now?
[Vegeta thinking] He was
just toying with us again!
[Goku thinking]
Not good...
This Frieza
really is a monster!
[Frieza laughing]
You'll have to forgive
the slow start.
I honestly wasn't
expecting much from you.
But now that I see you
know how to handle yourself,
I thought it time to give you
a glimpse of my true power.
A mere fraction of
what I'm capable of.
[Vegeta thinking] His
strength... there's no limit...
And to think,
I actually believed
I could pose a threat
to this beast!
I guess we've both...
been holding back.
You're joking.
You've been fighting me
with less than your full effort?
Nonsense!
I didn't think you Namekians
were the lying sort.
I'm just full of surprises.
His clothes! I forgot!
Oh yeah, that's right!
He's been wearing all his
weighted training
gear this whole time!
Man, and that stuff
weighs a ton, too!
Now, I will have the
vengeance in the name of
all the Namekians
you slaughtered!
[Piccolo screaming]
[laughing]
[Goku thinking] Piccolo's
boosted his energy again.
This is it.
He's at his limit now.
Come on! I know
you can do it, Piccolo!
Oh yeah!
Go get him!
I see. So by removing
those heavy garments
and making
yourself lighter,
you've given yourself a
little boost to your speed,
is that it?
[Piccolo]
That's the idea.
[chuckling]
[yelling]
[Frieza screaming]
[laughing]
[screaming]
[chuckling]
Did you really think you could
wreak havoc on this planet
without paying the price?!
Oh, yeah!
We're saved!
We can finally go home!
Now to finish you off!
Is it over...?
It has to be...
Look! There!
I suppose I
shouldn't be surprised.
Like I said earlier,
what you've seen so far...
is but a fraction of my power.
So you say.
Poor fool, you just came
charging in here, oblivious...
Were you even aware that
I had already transformed
once before you arrived?
Transformed?
What do you mean?
Rather than waste
my time explaining,
why don't I treat you to the
same feeling of utter terror
that Vegeta and the others
had the pleasure to experience.
Yes... perhaps this
would be the simplest way
to make you understand...
just how truly helpless
you are against me.
You see, each time
I transform myself,
my power increases
exponentially...
And, as it happens...
I still have two transformations
beyond this one...
So are you beginning
to see the big picture yet?
You're bluffing...
Impossible...
Whoa... Did you...
hear what he just said?
I hope not...
I thought he said he can
transform twice more!
Now then, allow
me to demonstrate.
You scum should
consider this an honor...
You will be the first ones
to ever lay eyes upon me
in this next state.
Prepare yourself,
and behold!
The second transformation
of the mighty Frieza!
What do you think,
was it worth the wait?
Now... if you're ready,
let's begin Round Two,
shall we?
You...
vile freak!
[Evil Laughter]
Wait...
it doesn't seem like he's
changed that much, has he?
Oh c'mon!
Quit being a fool
and use your senses!
His power is on a
completely different level now!
Not only that, but it
seems he's able to exercise
a far greater
degree of control.
And he's healed...
The damage he got
from Piccolo is gone!
There's not a single
scratch on him!
[Goku thinking]
Damn it...
Whatever's going on out
there, it can't be good...
It feels like Frieza's
power just spiked again.
Even at my full strength,
I'm not sure if I can beat
him while he's like this...
But still...
I guess I'll have to try...
[Frieza laughing]
Come on, what
are you waiting for?
You seemed to have
quite a bit of confidence
in your speed earlier,
as I recall.
So... why don't we start
by putting that to the test?
[Piccolo thinking] That added
bulk can only slow him down!
I don't care how much
power he's gained,
he'll never get close
enough to use it!
[screaming]
[Piccolo thinking]
What the hell?!
It's about time...
How nice of you to join me.
You don't want to be
late for your own funeral.
[yelling]
[laughing]
[chuckling]
While this has all been fun...
play time is over.
[Piccolo thinking]
Damn it.
[chuckling]
Now that you realize
your precious speed
is of no use against me,
that feeling of helplessness
I was hoping to inspire
must be settling in nicely.
Let's see if we can add
some terror into the mix.
[Piccolo screaming, groaning]
[Piccolo thinking]
He's too fast!
[laughing]
[Piccolo screaming]
No... Get out of there... fast!
It's like a swarm
of angry bees!
Piccolo doesn't have
a chance of dodging!
[Gohan thinking]
We've got to help him...!
[Goku thinking]
Piccolo...
[Piccolo moaning, screaming]
Stop it!
Wait! Gohan!
Gohan! Damn...!
Hold it!
I've gotta get up there!
Let... go!
Do you honestly think
you can help them?!
Well, we can't
just do nothing...!
Listen carefully!
You have only one chance
of saving your friends!
You have to attack me with
all the power you have!
Hear me?
Don't hold back!
[Vegeta thinking] I'll
have the Namekian kid
use his powers to heal me.
One more time to the brink
of death and back and
I will finally gain the power I
need to become a Super Saiyan!
[Gohan screaming]
[Narrator] Frieza's
second transformation
truly is a terror to behold!
Gohan races
to Piccolo's aid,
but can he free him from
the monster's clutches?
Next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[Goku] Hey, it's me, Goku!
This is bad.
If Piccolo can't even
lay a hand on Frieza,
I'm not sure any of us
have a chance to beat him...
[Frieza] Such
a shame I have to
send you off to oblivion
so quickly. Here--
I'll treat you to one final
fit of terror before you go.
Behold! My final
transformation!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[Gohan] I won't go
down without a fight!